packages/sdk/src/anyspend/README.md, before:

# AnySpend SDK Documentation

AnySpend is a powerful cross-chain protocol that enables seamless token swaps, NFT minting, tournament participation, and custom smart contract interactions across multiple blockchain networks. Built for developers who want to provide their users with a frictionless Web3 experience.

## 📦 Overview

AnySpend handles the complexity of cross-chain operations, gas management, and payment processing, allowing users to:

- **Cross-chain Swaps**: Swap tokens across different blockchain networks
- **NFT Minting**: Mint NFTs with automatic payment handling
- **Custom Interactions**: Execute any smart contract operations (tournaments, staking, gaming, etc.)
- **Fiat Onramp**: Convert fiat currency to crypto using integrated payment providers
- **Gasless Transactions**: Users don't need to worry about gas fees

### Key Features

- **Multi-chain Support**: Works across Ethereum, Base, B3, and other supported networks
- **Payment Flexibility**: Accept payments in various cryptocurrencies or fiat
- **Order Management**: Track transaction status in real-time
- **Error Recovery**: Automatic refund handling for failed transactions
- **React Integration**: Pre-built components for easy integration
- **TypeScript Support**: Full type safety and IntelliSense

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js v20.15.0+
- React 18/19

### Installation

```bash
npm install @b3dotfun/sdk
# or
pnpm add @b3dotfun/sdk
```

### Basic Setup

```tsx
import { AnySpendProvider } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";
import "@b3dotfun/sdk/index.css";

function App() {
  return <AnySpendProvider>{/* Your app components */}</AnySpendProvider>;
}
```

### Quick Start Example

```tsx
import { AnySpendNFTButton } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";

function NFTMinting() {
  const nftContract = {
    chainId: 8333, // B3 network
    contractAddress: "0x9c275ff1634519E9B5449ec79cd939B5F900564d",
    price: "500000000000000000", // 0.5 ETH in wei
    priceFormatted: "0.5",
    currency: {
      chainId: 8333,
      address: "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000", // ETH
      name: "Ether",
      symbol: "ETH",
      decimals: 18
    },
    name: "Cool NFT",
    description: "A really cool NFT",
    imageUrl: "https://example.com/nft.png"
  };

  return (
    <AnySpendNFTButton
      nftContract={nftContract}
      recipientAddress="0x..." // User's wallet address
      onSuccess={txHash => {
        console.log("NFT minted successfully!", txHash);
      }}
    />
  );
}
```

## 📚 API Reference

### Components

#### `<AnySpend>`

The main swap interface component for token-to-token exchanges.

```tsx
<AnySpend
  isMainnet={true}
  mode="modal" // or "page"
  defaultActiveTab="crypto" // or "fiat"
  destinationTokenAddress="0x..." // For buy mode
  destinationTokenChainId={8333}
  recipientAddress="0x..."
  hideTransactionHistoryButton={false}
  onSuccess={txHash => console.log("Swap completed", txHash)}
/>
```

**Props:**

- `isMainnet?: boolean` - Whether to use mainnet or testnet (default: `true`)
- `mode?: "modal" | "page"` - Display mode (default: `"modal"`)
- `defaultActiveTab?: "crypto" | "fiat"` - Initial payment method (default: `"crypto"`)
- `destinationTokenAddress?: string` - For buy mode, specify the target token
- `destinationTokenChainId?: number` - Chain ID of the destination token
- `recipientAddress?: string` - Where to send the swapped tokens
- `hideTransactionHistoryButton?: boolean` - Hide the transaction history button
- `loadOrder?: string` - Load a specific order by ID
- `onSuccess?: (txHash?: string) => void` - Success callback

#### `<AnySpendNFTButton>`

A simple button component for NFT minting.

```tsx
<AnySpendNFTButton
  nftContract={{
    chainId: 8333,
    contractAddress: "0x...",
    price: "1000000000000000000", // 1 ETH in wei
    priceFormatted: "1.0",
    currency: {
      /* token details */
    },
    name: "My NFT",
    description: "NFT description",
    imageUrl: "https://example.com/image.png"
  }}
  recipientAddress="0x..."
  isMainnet={true}
/>
```

#### `<AnySpendCustom>`

For custom smart contract interactions.

```tsx
<AnySpendCustom
  orderType={OrderType.Custom}
  dstChainId={8333}
  dstToken={
    {
      /* token details */
    }
  }
  dstAmount="1000000000000000000" // Amount in wei
  contractAddress="0x..." // Target contract
  encodedData="0x..." // Encoded function call
  spenderAddress="0x..." // Optional spender
  metadata={
    {
      /* custom metadata */
    }
  }
  header={({ anyspendPrice, isLoadingAnyspendPrice }) => <div>Custom header content</div>}
  onSuccess={txHash => console.log("Custom order completed", txHash)}
/>
```

> **Note**: For specific use cases like staking, spin wheels, or other gaming mechanics, there are specialized components available (`AnySpendStakeB3`, `AnySpendBuySpin`, etc.). However, `AnySpendCustom` provides the most flexibility for any smart contract interaction.

### Hooks

#### `useAnyspendQuote`

Get pricing information for a potential order.

```tsx
import { useAnyspendQuote, OrderType, TradeType } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend";

const { anyspendQuote, isLoadingAnyspendQuote, getAnyspendQuoteError } = useAnyspendQuote(
  true, // isMainnet
  {
    srcChain: 1, // Ethereum
    dstChain: 8333, // B3
    srcTokenAddress: "0x...", // USDC
    dstTokenAddress: "0x...", // Target token
    type: OrderType.Swap,
    tradeType: TradeType.EXACT_INPUT,
    amount: "1000000" // 1 USDC (6 decimals)
  }
);
```

#### `useAnyspendCreateOrder`

Create a new AnySpend order.

```tsx
import { useAnyspendCreateOrder, OrderType } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend";

const { createOrder, isCreatingOrder } = useAnyspendCreateOrder({
  onSuccess: data => {
    console.log("Order created:", data.data.id);
  },
  onError: error => {
    console.error("Order creation failed:", error.message);
  }
});

// Create order
createOrder({
  isMainnet: true,
  recipientAddress: "0x...",
  orderType: OrderType.Swap,
  srcChain: 1,
  dstChain: 8333,
  srcToken: {
    /* source token details */
  },
  dstToken: {
    /* destination token details */
  },
  srcAmount: "1000000",
  expectedDstAmount: "500000000000000000",
  creatorAddress: "0x..."
});
```

#### `useAnyspendOrderAndTransactions`

Track order status and associated transactions.

```tsx
import { useAnyspendOrderAndTransactions } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend";

const { orderAndTransactions, getOrderAndTransactionsError } = useAnyspendOrderAndTransactions(
  true, // isMainnet
  "order-id-here"
);

if (orderAndTransactions) {
  const { order, depositTxs, relayTx, executeTx, refundTxs } = orderAndTransactions.data;
  console.log("Order status:", order.status);
  console.log("Deposit transactions:", depositTxs);
  console.log("Execution transaction:", executeTx);
}
```

#### `useAnyspendOrderHistory`

Get order history for a user.

```tsx
import { useAnyspendOrderHistory } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend";

const { orderHistory, isLoadingOrderHistory } = useAnyspendOrderHistory(
  true, // isMainnet
  "0x...", // creatorAddress
  50, // limit
  0 // offset
);
```

### Service Functions

For advanced use cases, you can use the service layer directly:

```tsx
import { anyspendService } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/services";

// Get quote
const quote = await anyspendService.getQuote(true, {
  srcChain: 1,
  dstChain: 8333,
  srcTokenAddress: "0x...",
  dstTokenAddress: "0x...",
  type: "swap",
  tradeType: "exactInput",
  amount: "1000000"
});

// Get token list
const tokens = await anyspendService.getTokenList(true, 1, "USDC");

// Create order
const order = await anyspendService.createOrder({
  isMainnet: true,
  recipientAddress: "0x...",
  type: "swap",
  srcChain: 1,
  dstChain: 8333,
  srcTokenAddress: "0x...",
  dstTokenAddress: "0x...",
  srcAmount: "1000000",
  payload: {
    /* order payload */
  },
  metadata: {
    /* order metadata */
  }
});
```

### Network Configuration

AnySpend automatically configures API endpoints based on the `isMainnet` parameter:

- **Mainnet**: `https://mainnet.anyspend.com`
- **Testnet**: `http://testnet.anyspend.com`

## 💼 Common Use Cases

### 1. Cross-Chain Token Swap

```tsx
import { AnySpend } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";

function TokenSwap() {
  return (
    <AnySpend
      mode="page"
      recipientAddress="0x..."
      onSuccess={txHash => {
        console.log("Swap completed:", txHash);
        // Redirect user or show success message
      }}
    />
  );
}
```

### 2. NFT Marketplace Integration

```tsx
import { AnySpendNFT } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";

function NFTCard({ nft }) {
  return (
    <div className="nft-card">
      <img src={nft.imageUrl} alt={nft.name} />
      <h3>{nft.name}</h3>
      <p>{nft.description}</p>
      <AnySpendNFT
        nftContract={nft}
        recipientAddress={userAddress}
        onSuccess={txHash => {
          // Update UI to show NFT as owned
          updateNFTOwnership(nft.id, userAddress);
        }}
      />
    </div>
  );
}
```

### 3. Custom Contract Interaction - Staking Example

```tsx
import { AnySpendCustom, OrderType } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";

function StakingInterface({ stakingContract }) {
  return (
    <AnySpendCustom
      orderType={OrderType.Custom}
      dstChainId={stakingContract.chainId}
      dstToken={stakingContract.stakingToken}
      dstAmount={stakingContract.stakeAmount}
      contractAddress={stakingContract.contractAddress}
      encodedData={stakingContract.stakeCalldata} // encoded stake() function call
      metadata={{
        action: "stake",
        staking: {
          contractAddress: stakingContract.contractAddress,
          amount: stakingContract.stakeAmount,
          duration: stakingContract.duration
        }
      }}
      header={({ anyspendPrice }) => (
        <div className="staking-header">
          <h2>Stake {stakingContract.stakingToken.symbol}</h2>
          <p>
            Amount: {stakingContract.stakeAmountFormatted} {stakingContract.stakingToken.symbol}
          </p>
          <p>Duration: {stakingContract.duration} days</p>
        </div>
      )}
      onSuccess={txHash => {
        console.log("Staking completed:", txHash);
        // Update UI to show staked amount
      }}
    />
  );
}
```

### 4. Fiat to Crypto Onramp

```tsx
import { AnySpend } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";

function FiatOnramp() {
  return (
    <AnySpend
      defaultActiveTab="fiat"
      destinationTokenAddress="0x..." // Target token to buy
      destinationTokenChainId={8333}
      recipientAddress="0x..."
      onSuccess={txHash => {
        console.log("Fiat purchase completed:", txHash);
      }}
    />
  );
}
```

## ⚠️ Error Handling

### Order Status Types

AnySpend orders go through various states:

```typescript
enum OrderStatus {
  // Preparation
  ScanningDepositTransaction = "scanning_deposit_transaction",
  WaitingStripePayment = "waiting_stripe_payment",
  ObtainToken = "obtain_token",

  // Execution
  SendingTokenFromVault = "sending_token_from_vault",
  Relay = "relay",
  Executed = "executed",

  // Failure/Refund
  ObtainFailed = "obtain_failed",
  Expired = "expired",
  Refunding = "refunding",
  Refunded = "refunded",
  Failure = "failure"
}
```

### Common Error Codes

| Error Code             | Description                       | Recovery Strategy                    |
| ---------------------- | --------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ |
| `SLIPPAGE`             | Price movement exceeded tolerance | Retry with higher slippage tolerance |
| `INSUFFICIENT_BALANCE` | User doesn't have enough tokens   | Request user to add funds            |
| `NETWORK_ERROR`        | RPC or network issues             | Retry after a delay                  |
| `QUOTE_EXPIRED`        | Price quote is no longer valid    | Get a fresh quote                    |

### Error Handling Best Practices

```tsx
import { useAnyspendCreateOrder } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend";

const { createOrder, isCreatingOrder } = useAnyspendCreateOrder({
  onError: error => {
    switch (error.message) {
      case "SLIPPAGE":
        toast.error("Price moved unfavorably. Please try again.");
        break;
      case "INSUFFICIENT_BALANCE":
        toast.error("Insufficient balance. Please add funds to your wallet.");
        break;
      default:
        toast.error("Transaction failed. Please try again or contact support.");
    }

    // Log for debugging
    console.error("Order creation failed:", error);

    // Optional: Send to error tracking service
    // errorTracking.captureException(error);
  }
});
```

### Order Monitoring

```tsx
import { useAnyspendOrderAndTransactions, OrderStatus } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend";

function OrderTracker({ orderId }) {
  const { orderAndTransactions } = useAnyspendOrderAndTransactions(true, orderId);

  if (!orderAndTransactions) return <div>Loading...</div>;

  const { order, depositTxs, executeTx, refundTxs } = orderAndTransactions.data;

  const getStatusMessage = (status: OrderStatus) => {
    switch (status) {
      case OrderStatus.ScanningDepositTransaction:
        return "Waiting for payment confirmation...";
      case OrderStatus.Relay:
        return "Processing your transaction...";
      case OrderStatus.Executed:
        return "Transaction completed successfully!";
      case OrderStatus.Failure:
        return "Transaction failed. You will be refunded automatically.";
      case OrderStatus.Refunded:
        return "Refund processed successfully.";
      default:
        return "Processing...";
    }
  };

  return (
    <div className="order-status">
      <h3>Order Status: {order.status}</h3>
      <p>{getStatusMessage(order.status)}</p>

      {order.errorDetails && (
        <div className="error-details">
          <strong>Error:</strong> {order.errorDetails}
        </div>
      )}

      {executeTx && (
        <a href={`https://explorer.b3.fun/tx/${executeTx.txHash}`} target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
          View Transaction
        </a>
      )}
    </div>
  );
}
```

## 🌐 Platform Support

| Feature           | React Web | React Native |
| ----------------- | --------- | ------------ |
| Core AnySpend     | ✅        | ✅           |
| React Components  | ✅        | ✅           |
| Fiat Onramp       | ✅        | ❌           |
| NFT Components    | ✅        | ✅           |
| Service Functions | ✅        | ✅           |

## 🐛 Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

**Q: "Get rate error" appears when trying to swap**

```
A: This usually means:
1. Invalid token addresses
2. Unsupported token pair
3. Amount too small/large
4. Network connectivity issues

Check that both tokens are supported and try with a different amount.
```

**Q: Order stuck in "scanning_deposit_transaction" status**

```
A: This means AnySpend is waiting for your deposit transaction to be confirmed.
Check that:
1. You sent the correct amount
2. Transaction was confirmed on-chain
3. You sent to the correct address

Orders will auto-refund after 30 minutes if no deposit is detected.
```

**Q: React Native build issues**

```
A: Make sure you're importing from the correct entry point:

// ✅ Correct
import { anyspendService } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend";

// ❌ Incorrect for React Native
import { AnySpend } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";
```

### Debug Mode

Enable debug logging to troubleshoot issues:

```typescript
// Add to your app initialization
localStorage.setItem("debug", "anyspend:*");

// Or in React Native
import { anyspendService } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend";

// Service calls will now log detailed information
const quote = await anyspendService.getQuote(true, quoteRequest);
```

### Support Channels

- **Documentation**: [https://docs.b3.fun](https://docs.b3.fun)
- **GitHub Issues**: [https://github.com/b3-fun/b3/issues](https://github.com/b3-fun/b3/issues)
- **Discord**: [https://discord.gg/b3dotfun](https://discord.gg/b3dotfun)

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Here's how to get started:

1. **Fork the repository**
2. **Create a feature branch**: `git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`
3. **Install dependencies**: `pnpm install`
4. **Run tests**: `pnpm test`
5. **Build the SDK**: `pnpm sdk:build`
6. **Test your changes** in the example apps
7. **Submit a pull request**

### Development Setup

```bash
# Clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/b3-fun/b3.git
cd b3

# Install dependencies
pnpm install

# Start development
pnpm dev

# Build the SDK
pnpm sdk:build
```

Commit message:

Update README.md (#44)
Adding to the readme intro for some background on the product.

packages/sdk/src/anyspend/README.md, after:

# AnySpend SDK Documentation

The fastest way to accept crypto payments and onboard users with zero friction

AnySpend gives you everything you need to add instant crypto onramps and checkout to your product. Let your users onramp from fiat instantly and pay using any token on any chain, all in one seamless experience.

🚀 Instant Onramp: Users can fund their wallet directly from fiat and start spending in your app right away
💸 Pay Anyway: Accept payments in any token across any chain with no bridges, swapping, or network switching required
🧩 One SDK, Any Flow: Easily add crypto payments and onramps to any business model or checkout flow
👛 Unified Wallet View: Users see and spend their balances from all chains in one place
AnySpend makes it simple to reach more users, increase conversions, and future proof your business with modern crypto payments.

See the Quickstart below or visit anyspend.com for a live demo

AnySpend is a powerful cross-chain protocol that enables seamless token swaps, NFT minting, tournament participation, and custom smart contract interactions across multiple blockchain networks. Built for developers who want to provide their users with a frictionless Web3 experience.

## 📦 Overview

AnySpend handles the complexity of cross-chain operations, gas management, and payment processing, allowing users to:

- **Cross-chain Swaps**: Swap tokens across different blockchain networks
- **NFT Minting**: Mint NFTs with automatic payment handling
- **Custom Interactions**: Execute any smart contract operations (tournaments, staking, gaming, etc.)
- **Fiat Onramp**: Convert fiat currency to crypto using integrated payment providers
- **Gasless Transactions**: Users don't need to worry about gas fees

### Key Features

- **Multi-chain Support**: Works across Ethereum, Base, B3, and other supported networks
- **Payment Flexibility**: Accept payments in various cryptocurrencies or fiat
- **Order Management**: Track transaction status in real-time
- **Error Recovery**: Automatic refund handling for failed transactions
- **React Integration**: Pre-built components for easy integration
- **TypeScript Support**: Full type safety and IntelliSense

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js v20.15.0+
- React 18/19

### Installation

```bash
npm install @b3dotfun/sdk
# or
pnpm add @b3dotfun/sdk
```

### Basic Setup

```tsx
import { AnySpendProvider } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";
import "@b3dotfun/sdk/index.css";

function App() {
  return <AnySpendProvider>{/* Your app components */}</AnySpendProvider>;
}
```

### Quick Start Example

```tsx
import { AnySpendNFTButton } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";

function NFTMinting() {
  const nftContract = {
    chainId: 8333, // B3 network
    contractAddress: "0x9c275ff1634519E9B5449ec79cd939B5F900564d",
    price: "500000000000000000", // 0.5 ETH in wei
    priceFormatted: "0.5",
    currency: {
      chainId: 8333,
      address: "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000", // ETH
      name: "Ether",
      symbol: "ETH",
      decimals: 18
    },
    name: "Cool NFT",
    description: "A really cool NFT",
    imageUrl: "https://example.com/nft.png"
  };

  return (
    <AnySpendNFTButton
      nftContract={nftContract}
      recipientAddress="0x..." // User's wallet address
      onSuccess={txHash => {
        console.log("NFT minted successfully!", txHash);
      }}
    />
  );
}
```

## 📚 API Reference

### Components

#### `<AnySpend>`

The main swap interface component for token-to-token exchanges.

```tsx
<AnySpend
  isMainnet={true}
  mode="modal" // or "page"
  defaultActiveTab="crypto" // or "fiat"
  destinationTokenAddress="0x..." // For buy mode
  destinationTokenChainId={8333}
  recipientAddress="0x..."
  hideTransactionHistoryButton={false}
  onSuccess={txHash => console.log("Swap completed", txHash)}
/>
```

**Props:**

- `isMainnet?: boolean` - Whether to use mainnet or testnet (default: `true`)
- `mode?: "modal" | "page"` - Display mode (default: `"modal"`)
- `defaultActiveTab?: "crypto" | "fiat"` - Initial payment method (default: `"crypto"`)
- `destinationTokenAddress?: string` - For buy mode, specify the target token
- `destinationTokenChainId?: number` - Chain ID of the destination token
- `recipientAddress?: string` - Where to send the swapped tokens
- `hideTransactionHistoryButton?: boolean` - Hide the transaction history button
- `loadOrder?: string` - Load a specific order by ID
- `onSuccess?: (txHash?: string) => void` - Success callback

#### `<AnySpendNFTButton>`

A simple button component for NFT minting.

```tsx
<AnySpendNFTButton
  nftContract={{
    chainId: 8333,
    contractAddress: "0x...",
    price: "1000000000000000000", // 1 ETH in wei
    priceFormatted: "1.0",
    currency: {
      /* token details */
    },
    name: "My NFT",
    description: "NFT description",
    imageUrl: "https://example.com/image.png"
  }}
  recipientAddress="0x..."
  isMainnet={true}
/>
```

#### `<AnySpendCustom>`

For custom smart contract interactions.

```tsx
<AnySpendCustom
  orderType={OrderType.Custom}
  dstChainId={8333}
  dstToken={
    {
      /* token details */
    }
  }
  dstAmount="1000000000000000000" // Amount in wei
  contractAddress="0x..." // Target contract
  encodedData="0x..." // Encoded function call
  spenderAddress="0x..." // Optional spender
  metadata={
    {
      /* custom metadata */
    }
  }
  header={({ anyspendPrice, isLoadingAnyspendPrice }) => <div>Custom header content</div>}
  onSuccess={txHash => console.log("Custom order completed", txHash)}
/>
```

> **Note**: For specific use cases like staking, spin wheels, or other gaming mechanics, there are specialized components available (`AnySpendStakeB3`, `AnySpendBuySpin`, etc.). However, `AnySpendCustom` provides the most flexibility for any smart contract interaction.

### Hooks

#### `useAnyspendQuote`

Get pricing information for a potential order.

```tsx
import { useAnyspendQuote, OrderType, TradeType } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend";

const { anyspendQuote, isLoadingAnyspendQuote, getAnyspendQuoteError } = useAnyspendQuote(
  true, // isMainnet
  {
    srcChain: 1, // Ethereum
    dstChain: 8333, // B3
    srcTokenAddress: "0x...", // USDC
    dstTokenAddress: "0x...", // Target token
    type: OrderType.Swap,
    tradeType: TradeType.EXACT_INPUT,
    amount: "1000000" // 1 USDC (6 decimals)
  }
);
```

#### `useAnyspendCreateOrder`

Create a new AnySpend order.

```tsx
import { useAnyspendCreateOrder, OrderType } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend";

const { createOrder, isCreatingOrder } = useAnyspendCreateOrder({
  onSuccess: data => {
    console.log("Order created:", data.data.id);
  },
  onError: error => {
    console.error("Order creation failed:", error.message);
  }
});

// Create order
createOrder({
  isMainnet: true,
  recipientAddress: "0x...",
  orderType: OrderType.Swap,
  srcChain: 1,
  dstChain: 8333,
  srcToken: {
    /* source token details */
  },
  dstToken: {
    /* destination token details */
  },
  srcAmount: "1000000",
  expectedDstAmount: "500000000000000000",
  creatorAddress: "0x..."
});
```

#### `useAnyspendOrderAndTransactions`

Track order status and associated transactions.

```tsx
import { useAnyspendOrderAndTransactions } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend";

const { orderAndTransactions, getOrderAndTransactionsError } = useAnyspendOrderAndTransactions(
  true, // isMainnet
  "order-id-here"
);

if (orderAndTransactions) {
  const { order, depositTxs, relayTx, executeTx, refundTxs } = orderAndTransactions.data;
  console.log("Order status:", order.status);
  console.log("Deposit transactions:", depositTxs);
  console.log("Execution transaction:", executeTx);
}
```

#### `useAnyspendOrderHistory`

Get order history for a user.

```tsx
import { useAnyspendOrderHistory } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend";

const { orderHistory, isLoadingOrderHistory } = useAnyspendOrderHistory(
  true, // isMainnet
  "0x...", // creatorAddress
  50, // limit
  0 // offset
);
```

### Service Functions

For advanced use cases, you can use the service layer directly:

```tsx
import { anyspendService } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/services";

// Get quote
const quote = await anyspendService.getQuote(true, {
  srcChain: 1,
  dstChain: 8333,
  srcTokenAddress: "0x...",
  dstTokenAddress: "0x...",
  type: "swap",
  tradeType: "exactInput",
  amount: "1000000"
});

// Get token list
const tokens = await anyspendService.getTokenList(true, 1, "USDC");

// Create order
const order = await anyspendService.createOrder({
  isMainnet: true,
  recipientAddress: "0x...",
  type: "swap",
  srcChain: 1,
  dstChain: 8333,
  srcTokenAddress: "0x...",
  dstTokenAddress: "0x...",
  srcAmount: "1000000",
  payload: {
    /* order payload */
  },
  metadata: {
    /* order metadata */
  }
});
```

### Network Configuration

AnySpend automatically configures API endpoints based on the `isMainnet` parameter:

- **Mainnet**: `https://mainnet.anyspend.com`
- **Testnet**: `http://testnet.anyspend.com`

## 💼 Common Use Cases

### 1. Cross-Chain Token Swap

```tsx
import { AnySpend } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";

function TokenSwap() {
  return (
    <AnySpend
      mode="page"
      recipientAddress="0x..."
      onSuccess={txHash => {
        console.log("Swap completed:", txHash);
        // Redirect user or show success message
      }}
    />
  );
}
```

### 2. NFT Marketplace Integration

```tsx
import { AnySpendNFT } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";

function NFTCard({ nft }) {
  return (
    <div className="nft-card">
      <img src={nft.imageUrl} alt={nft.name} />
      <h3>{nft.name}</h3>
      <p>{nft.description}</p>
      <AnySpendNFT
        nftContract={nft}
        recipientAddress={userAddress}
        onSuccess={txHash => {
          // Update UI to show NFT as owned
          updateNFTOwnership(nft.id, userAddress);
        }}
      />
    </div>
  );
}
```

### 3. Custom Contract Interaction - Staking Example

```tsx
import { AnySpendCustom, OrderType } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";

function StakingInterface({ stakingContract }) {
  return (
    <AnySpendCustom
      orderType={OrderType.Custom}
      dstChainId={stakingContract.chainId}
      dstToken={stakingContract.stakingToken}
      dstAmount={stakingContract.stakeAmount}
      contractAddress={stakingContract.contractAddress}
      encodedData={stakingContract.stakeCalldata} // encoded stake() function call
      metadata={{
        action: "stake",
        staking: {
          contractAddress: stakingContract.contractAddress,
          amount: stakingContract.stakeAmount,
          duration: stakingContract.duration
        }
      }}
      header={({ anyspendPrice }) => (
        <div className="staking-header">
          <h2>Stake {stakingContract.stakingToken.symbol}</h2>
          <p>
            Amount: {stakingContract.stakeAmountFormatted} {stakingContract.stakingToken.symbol}
          </p>
          <p>Duration: {stakingContract.duration} days</p>
        </div>
      )}
      onSuccess={txHash => {
        console.log("Staking completed:", txHash);
        // Update UI to show staked amount
      }}
    />
  );
}
```

### 4. Fiat to Crypto Onramp

```tsx
import { AnySpend } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";

function FiatOnramp() {
  return (
    <AnySpend
      defaultActiveTab="fiat"
      destinationTokenAddress="0x..." // Target token to buy
      destinationTokenChainId={8333}
      recipientAddress="0x..."
      onSuccess={txHash => {
        console.log("Fiat purchase completed:", txHash);
      }}
    />
  );
}
```

## ⚠️ Error Handling

### Order Status Types

AnySpend orders go through various states:

```typescript
enum OrderStatus {
  // Preparation
  ScanningDepositTransaction = "scanning_deposit_transaction",
  WaitingStripePayment = "waiting_stripe_payment",
  ObtainToken = "obtain_token",

  // Execution
  SendingTokenFromVault = "sending_token_from_vault",
  Relay = "relay",
  Executed = "executed",

  // Failure/Refund
  ObtainFailed = "obtain_failed",
  Expired = "expired",
  Refunding = "refunding",
  Refunded = "refunded",
  Failure = "failure"
}
```

### Common Error Codes

| Error Code             | Description                       | Recovery Strategy                    |
| ---------------------- | --------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ |
| `SLIPPAGE`             | Price movement exceeded tolerance | Retry with higher slippage tolerance |
| `INSUFFICIENT_BALANCE` | User doesn't have enough tokens   | Request user to add funds            |
| `NETWORK_ERROR`        | RPC or network issues             | Retry after a delay                  |
| `QUOTE_EXPIRED`        | Price quote is no longer valid    | Get a fresh quote                    |

### Error Handling Best Practices

```tsx
import { useAnyspendCreateOrder } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend";

const { createOrder, isCreatingOrder } = useAnyspendCreateOrder({
  onError: error => {
    switch (error.message) {
      case "SLIPPAGE":
        toast.error("Price moved unfavorably. Please try again.");
        break;
      case "INSUFFICIENT_BALANCE":
        toast.error("Insufficient balance. Please add funds to your wallet.");
        break;
      default:
        toast.error("Transaction failed. Please try again or contact support.");
    }

    // Log for debugging
    console.error("Order creation failed:", error);

    // Optional: Send to error tracking service
    // errorTracking.captureException(error);
  }
});
```

### Order Monitoring

```tsx
import { useAnyspendOrderAndTransactions, OrderStatus } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend";

function OrderTracker({ orderId }) {
  const { orderAndTransactions } = useAnyspendOrderAndTransactions(true, orderId);

  if (!orderAndTransactions) return <div>Loading...</div>;

  const { order, depositTxs, executeTx, refundTxs } = orderAndTransactions.data;

  const getStatusMessage = (status: OrderStatus) => {
    switch (status) {
      case OrderStatus.ScanningDepositTransaction:
        return "Waiting for payment confirmation...";
      case OrderStatus.Relay:
        return "Processing your transaction...";
      case OrderStatus.Executed:
        return "Transaction completed successfully!";
      case OrderStatus.Failure:
        return "Transaction failed. You will be refunded automatically.";
      case OrderStatus.Refunded:
        return "Refund processed successfully.";
      default:
        return "Processing...";
    }
  };

  return (
    <div className="order-status">
      <h3>Order Status: {order.status}</h3>
      <p>{getStatusMessage(order.status)}</p>

      {order.errorDetails && (
        <div className="error-details">
          <strong>Error:</strong> {order.errorDetails}
        </div>
      )}

      {executeTx && (
        <a href={`https://explorer.b3.fun/tx/${executeTx.txHash}`} target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
          View Transaction
        </a>
      )}
    </div>
  );
}
```

## 🌐 Platform Support

| Feature           | React Web | React Native |
| ----------------- | --------- | ------------ |
| Core AnySpend     | ✅        | ✅           |
| React Components  | ✅        | ✅           |
| Fiat Onramp       | ✅        | ❌           |
| NFT Components    | ✅        | ✅           |
| Service Functions | ✅        | ✅           |

## 🐛 Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

**Q: "Get rate error" appears when trying to swap**

```
A: This usually means:
1. Invalid token addresses
2. Unsupported token pair
3. Amount too small/large
4. Network connectivity issues

Check that both tokens are supported and try with a different amount.
```

**Q: Order stuck in "scanning_deposit_transaction" status**

```
A: This means AnySpend is waiting for your deposit transaction to be confirmed.
Check that:
1. You sent the correct amount
2. Transaction was confirmed on-chain
3. You sent to the correct address

Orders will auto-refund after 30 minutes if no deposit is detected.
```

**Q: React Native build issues**

```
A: Make sure you're importing from the correct entry point:

// ✅ Correct
import { anyspendService } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend";

// ❌ Incorrect for React Native
import { AnySpend } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";
```

### Debug Mode

Enable debug logging to troubleshoot issues:

```typescript
// Add to your app initialization
localStorage.setItem("debug", "anyspend:*");

// Or in React Native
import { anyspendService } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend";

// Service calls will now log detailed information
const quote = await anyspendService.getQuote(true, quoteRequest);
```

### Support Channels

- **Documentation**: [https://docs.b3.fun](https://docs.b3.fun)
- **GitHub Issues**: [https://github.com/b3-fun/b3/issues](https://github.com/b3-fun/b3/issues)
- **Discord**: [https://discord.gg/b3dotfun](https://discord.gg/b3dotfun)

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Here's how to get started:

1. **Fork the repository**
2. **Create a feature branch**: `git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`
3. **Install dependencies**: `pnpm install`
4. **Run tests**: `pnpm test`
5. **Build the SDK**: `pnpm sdk:build`
6. **Test your changes** in the example apps
7. **Submit a pull request**

### Development Setup

```bash
# Clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/b3-fun/b3.git
cd b3

# Install dependencies
pnpm install

# Start development
pnpm dev

# Build the SDK
pnpm sdk:build
```
