docs/index.mdx, before:

---
title: "B3 SDK"
description: "Build the future of onchain gaming with the comprehensive B3 development toolkit"
---



<Card title="Quick Start Guide" icon="rocket" href="/quickstart" horizontal>
  Get up and running with B3 SDK in under 5 minutes
</Card>

## About B3

**The Open Gaming Superchain**

B3 is a fun-first gaming ecosystem built on Base, designed to bring the next generation of gamers and game creators onchain. Created by a team of Base/Coinbase alumni and OG Ethereum contributors, B3 envisions a future where onchain is the new online.

<Info>
  B3 operates as an L3 that settles on Base, providing dedicated blockspace specifically for gaming with lightning-fast
  transactions and sub-cent fees.
</Info>

## Core SDK Features

The B3 SDK provides everything you need to build exceptional onchain gaming experiences:

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="AnySpend" icon="credit-card" href="/anyspend/introduction">
    Cross-chain payments and crypto onboarding. Let users pay with any token on any chain.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Global Accounts" icon="users" href="/global-account/introduction">
    Seamless authentication and user management across the B3 ecosystem.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## What You Can Build

<Tabs>
<Tab title="Gaming Platforms">
  ```tsx
  import { AnySpendStakeB3, B3Provider } from "@b3dotfun/sdk";

function GameLauncher() {
return (

<B3Provider environment="production">
  <AnySpendStakeB3 onSuccess={txHash => unlockGameFeature(txHash)} recipientAddress={playerAddress} />
</B3Provider>
); }

````
</Tab>

<Tab title="NFT Marketplaces">
```tsx
import { AnySpendNFTButton } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";

function NFTCard() {
  return (
    <AnySpendNFTButton
      nftContract={{
        chainId: 8333,
        contractAddress: "0x9c275ff1634519E9B5449ec79cd939B5F900564d",
        price: "500000000000000000",
        currency: { symbol: "ETH", decimals: 18 }
      }}
      recipientAddress={userAddress}
      onSuccess={(txHash) => showSuccess(txHash)}
    />
  );
}
````

</Tab>

<Tab title="DeFi Applications">
  ```tsx
  import { AnySpend } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";

function CrossChainDeFi() {
return (

<AnySpend mode="page" recipientAddress={userAddress} onSuccess={txHash => updatePortfolio(txHash)} />
); }

````
</Tab>

<Tab title="Tournament Systems">
```tsx
import { AnySpendTournament } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";

function TournamentEntry() {
  return (
    <AnySpendTournament
      tournamentId="tournament-123"
      entryFee="1000000000000000000"
      onSuccess={(txHash) => joinTournament(txHash)}
    />
  );
}
````

</Tab>
</Tabs>

## Why Choose B3?

<AccordionGroup>
<Accordion title="🚀 Fast and Cheap">
  B3 delivers lightning-fast transactions with sub-cent fees through dedicated blockspace for gaming, built as an L3 that settles on Base.
</Accordion>

<Accordion title="🔗 Settled on Base">
  Base is a secure, low-cost, builder-friendly L2 incubated by Coinbase. B3 leverages Base as a settlement layer,
  contributing to the Base ecosystem while extending its capabilities.
</Accordion>

<Accordion title="📈 Scalable">
  Launch web2-scale games with B3's rollup engine that horizontally scales by sharding at the application layer,
  orchestrating dedicated sidecars for computationally heavy operations.
</Accordion>

<Accordion title="🌐 Open Gaming Ecosystem">
  No walled gardens here. Anyone can deploy and build on B3, supported by most major blockchain platforms and frameworks.
</Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

## Get Started

<Steps>
<Step title="Install the SDK">
  ```bash
  npm install @b3dotfun/sdk
  ```
</Step>

<Step title="Import styles and providers">
  ```tsx
  import "@b3dotfun/sdk/index.css";
  import { AnyspendProvider, B3Provider } from "@b3dotfun/sdk";
  ```
</Step>

<Step title="Build your first feature">
  Start with our pre-built components or use headless services for custom implementations.
  
  <CardGroup cols={2}>
    <Card title="Component Library" icon="puzzle-piece" href="/components">
      Pre-built React components for common use cases
    </Card>
    <Card title="Headless Services" icon="code" href="/services">
      TypeScript services for custom implementations
    </Card>
  </CardGroup>
</Step>
</Steps>

## Platform Support

| Feature               | React Web | React Native | Node.js |
| --------------------- | --------- | ------------ | ------- |
| **AnySpend**          | ✅        | 🚧           | ✅      |
| **Global Accounts**   | ✅        | ✅           | ✅      |
| **Headless Services** | ✅        | ✅           | ✅      |

## Supported Networks

<CardGroup cols={3}>
  <Card title="Ethereum" icon="ethereum">
    Mainnet & Sepolia testnet
  </Card>
  <Card title="Base" icon="circle">
    Mainnet & Sepolia testnet
  </Card>
  <Card title="B3" icon="gamepad-2">
    Mainnet & Testnet
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

<Note>
  More networks are being added regularly. Check our [network status page](https://docs.b3.fun/network-status) for the latest
  updates.
</Note>

## Community & Resources

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="Live Demo" icon="play" href="https://anyspend.com">
    Try AnySpend in action with real transactions
  </Card>
  <Card title="Discord Community" icon="discord" href="https://discord.gg/b3dotfun">
    Join our developer community for support and discussions
  </Card>
  <Card title="GitHub Repository" icon="github" href="https://github.com/b3-fun/b3">
    Contribute to the project and report issues
  </Card>
  <Card title="B3 Ecosystem" icon="globe" href="https://docs.b3.fun">
    Explore the broader B3 gaming ecosystem
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

---

<Check>
  **Ready to revolutionize gaming with onchain experiences?** Start with our [Quick Start Guide](/quickstart) and begin
  building the future of gaming today.
</Check>

Commit message:

Update documentation for B3 ecosystem and improve navigation
- Added new sections and updated titles in "docs.json" for better organization, including "About B3" and "B3AR."
- Enhanced content in various ecosystem documentation files, including "Bridges," "Data Analytics," "Governance," and "Infrastructure," with improved descriptions and visuals.
- Removed outdated "Gaming SDKs" documentation to streamline content.
- Updated the main landing page and other sections to reflect the new branding and ecosystem focus.

docs/index.mdx, after:

---
title: "Building Fun Onchain"
description: "B3 is Base's layer 3 consumer ecosystem built for games, apps, and enterprises that require the performance to scale and the support to grow."
---

 <iframe
   className="w-full aspect-video rounded-xl"
    src="https://customer-gg6qs7nm5ue94t64.cloudflarestream.com/3e0d15d4ca0dbdabeaabeee13b4396da/iframe?muted=true&loop=true&autoplay=true&poster=https%3A%2F%2Fcustomer-gg6qs7nm5ue94t64.cloudflarestream.com%2F3e0d15d4ca0dbdabeaabeee13b4396da%2Fthumbnails%2Fthumbnail.jpg%3Ftime%3D%26height%3D600"
    title="B3 SDK"
    frameBorder="0"
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture"
  allowFullScreen
  ></iframe>

<br />

<Card title="Quick Start Guide" icon="rocket" href="/quickstart" horizontal>
  Get up and running with B3 SDK in under 5 minutes
</Card>

## About B3

**The Open Gaming Superchain**


B3 is a fun-first gaming ecosystem built on Base, designed to bring the next generation of gamers and game creators onchain. Created by a team of Base/Coinbase alumni and OG Ethereum contributors, B3 envisions a future where onchain is the new online.

<Info>
  B3 operates as an L3 that settles on Base, providing dedicated blockspace specifically for gaming with lightning-fast
  transactions and sub-cent fees.
</Info>

## Core SDK Features

The B3 SDK provides everything you need to build exceptional onchain gaming experiences:

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="AnySpend" icon="credit-card" href="/anyspend/introduction">
    Cross-chain payments and crypto onboarding. Let users pay with any token on any chain.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Global Accounts" icon="users" href="/global-account/introduction">
    Seamless authentication and user management across the B3 ecosystem.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## What You Can Build

<Tabs>
<Tab title="Gaming Platforms">
  ```tsx
  import { AnySpendStakeB3, B3Provider } from "@b3dotfun/sdk";

function GameLauncher() {
return (

<B3Provider environment="production">
  <AnySpendStakeB3 onSuccess={txHash => unlockGameFeature(txHash)} recipientAddress={playerAddress} />
</B3Provider>
); }

````
</Tab>

<Tab title="NFT Marketplaces">
```tsx
import { AnySpendNFTButton } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";

function NFTCard() {
  return (
    <AnySpendNFTButton
      nftContract={{
        chainId: 8333,
        contractAddress: "0x9c275ff1634519E9B5449ec79cd939B5F900564d",
        price: "500000000000000000",
        currency: { symbol: "ETH", decimals: 18 }
      }}
      recipientAddress={userAddress}
      onSuccess={(txHash) => showSuccess(txHash)}
    />
  );
}
````

</Tab>

<Tab title="DeFi Applications">
  ```tsx
  import { AnySpend } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";

function CrossChainDeFi() {
return (

<AnySpend mode="page" recipientAddress={userAddress} onSuccess={txHash => updatePortfolio(txHash)} />
); }

````
</Tab>

<Tab title="Tournament Systems">
```tsx
import { AnySpendTournament } from "@b3dotfun/sdk/anyspend/react";

function TournamentEntry() {
  return (
    <AnySpendTournament
      tournamentId="tournament-123"
      entryFee="1000000000000000000"
      onSuccess={(txHash) => joinTournament(txHash)}
    />
  );
}
````

</Tab>
</Tabs>

## Why Choose B3?

<AccordionGroup>
<Accordion title="🚀 Fast and Cheap">
  B3 delivers lightning-fast transactions with sub-cent fees through dedicated blockspace for gaming, built as an L3 that settles on Base.
</Accordion>

<Accordion title="🔗 Settled on Base">
  Base is a secure, low-cost, builder-friendly L2 incubated by Coinbase. B3 leverages Base as a settlement layer,
  contributing to the Base ecosystem while extending its capabilities.
</Accordion>

<Accordion title="📈 Scalable">
  Launch web2-scale games with B3's rollup engine that horizontally scales by sharding at the application layer,
  orchestrating dedicated sidecars for computationally heavy operations.
</Accordion>

<Accordion title="🌐 Open Gaming Ecosystem">
  No walled gardens here. Anyone can deploy and build on B3, supported by most major blockchain platforms and frameworks.
</Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

## Get Started

<Steps>
<Step title="Install the SDK">
  ```bash
  npm install @b3dotfun/sdk
  ```
</Step>

<Step title="Import styles and providers">
  ```tsx
  import "@b3dotfun/sdk/index.css";
  import { AnyspendProvider, B3Provider } from "@b3dotfun/sdk";
  ```
</Step>

<Step title="Build your first feature">
  Start with our pre-built components or use headless services for custom implementations.
  
  <CardGroup cols={2}>
    <Card title="Component Library" icon="puzzle-piece" href="/components">
      Pre-built React components for common use cases
    </Card>
    <Card title="Headless Services" icon="code" href="/services">
      TypeScript services for custom implementations
    </Card>
  </CardGroup>
</Step>
</Steps>

## Supported Networks

<CardGroup cols={3}>
  <Card title="Ethereum" icon="ethereum">
    Mainnet & Sepolia testnet
  </Card>
  <Card title="Base" icon="circle">
    Mainnet & Sepolia testnet
  </Card>
  <Card title="B3" icon="gamepad-2">
    Mainnet & Testnet
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

<Note>
  More networks are being added regularly. Check our [network status page](https://docs.b3.fun/network-status) for the latest
  updates.
</Note>

## Community & Resources

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="Live Demo" icon="play" href="https://anyspend.com">
    Try AnySpend in action with real transactions
  </Card>
  <Card title="Discord Community" icon="discord" href="https://discord.gg/b3dotfun">
    Join our developer community for support and discussions
  </Card>
  <Card title="GitHub Repository" icon="github" href="https://github.com/b3-fun/b3">
    Contribute to the project and report issues
  </Card>
  <Card title="B3 Ecosystem" icon="globe" href="https://docs.b3.fun">
    Explore the broader B3 gaming ecosystem
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

---

<Check>
  **Ready to revolutionize gaming with onchain experiences?** Start with our [Quick Start Guide](/quickstart) and begin
  building the future of gaming today.
</Check>
